---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "otlp-v1alpha1_cluster_metric_export_list Data Source - otlp-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# otlp-v1alpha1_cluster_metric_export_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterMetricExportSpec defines the desired state of ClusterMetricExport (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ClusterMetricExportStatus defines the observed state of ClusterMetricExport (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `exports` (Attributes List) List of metrics and their sources to be written to a remote server.
Metrics will be sent using the Prometheus remote write protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports))
- `receivers` (List of String) List of remote destination names where metrics will be written.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports`

Optional:

- `attributes` (Attributes) Allows adding static or dynamic attributes to the metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--attributes))
- `fields` (Attributes List) Optional set of fields to be exposed by this export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--fields))
- `interval` (String) Period defines the frequency at which the metric is polled.
- `mappings` (Attributes List) Rules for mapping metric values (e.g., DOWN -> 1, UP -> 2). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--mappings))
- `metric_name` (Attributes) Regex and replacement for renaming the metric name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--metric_name))
- `mode` (String) Mode defines how the metric is collected: periodic, on-change, or periodic-on-change.
- `path` (String) The state DB path to export, in the format '.node.srl.interface'
- `resource` (Attributes) A Custom resource to be used as a source for the metric.
It will generate a metric with the CR attributes and a value of 1. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--resource))
- `where` (String) Condition for filtering the metric (e.g., 'oper-state = down').

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.attributes`

Optional:

- `dynamic` (Attributes List) List of dynamic attributes to add to the metrics, based on a state DB path. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--attributes--dynamic))
- `static` (Attributes List) List of static attributes to add to the metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--exports--attributes--static))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--attributes--dynamic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.attributes.dynamic`

Optional:

- `field` (String) The field name to add as a attribute
- `path` (String) The state DB path to export, in the format '.node.srl.interface'
- `regex` (String) A regular expression to be applied to the field value.
- `replacement` (String) A regular expression replacement to be applied to the field value.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--attributes--static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.attributes.static`

Optional:

- `metric_attribute` (Boolean) Metric Attribute
- `name` (String) Attribute name.
- `value` (String) Attribute value.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.fields`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the field.
- `type` (String) The type of the field.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.mappings`

Optional:

- `destination` (String) The new value for the mapped source (must convert to float64).
- `source` (String) The value to be mapped (supports regex with capture groups).


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--metric_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.metric_name`

Optional:

- `regex` (String) Regular expression for the metric name transformation.
- `replacement` (String) Replacement string for the transformed metric name.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--exports--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.exports.resource`

Optional:

- `attributes` (List of String) List of attributes to include with the metric.
Include all if not set.
- `group` (String) The CR group such as `core.eda.nokia.com`.
- `kind` (String) The CR kind such as `toponode`.
- `name` (String) CR name to be queried.
Get all of not set.
- `namespace` (String) The CR namespace, it defaults to all if not specified.
- `version` (String) The CR version such as `v1` or `v1alpha1`.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
