---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "otlp-v1alpha1_cluster_receiver_list Data Source - otlp-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# otlp-v1alpha1_cluster_receiver_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterReceiverSpec defines the desired state of ClusterReceiver (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ClusterReceiverStatus defines the observed state of ClusterReceiver (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `authorization` (Attributes) Authorization token for accessing the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--authorization))
- `endpoint` (String) Receiver endpoint.
- `protocol` (String) Export client protocol. Once of `http` or `grpc`.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration for secure connection to the remote server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls))
- `write_options` (Attributes) Remote write options such as: Flush interval, Retries, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--write_options))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.authorization`

Optional:

- `credentials` (String) Credentials such as a token value
- `type` (String) Authorization type


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls`

Optional:

- `from_files` (Attributes) Certificates files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls--from_files))
- `from_secret` (String) Secret containing a `tls.crt`, a `tls.key` and a `ca.crt` keys.
Both `tls.crt` and `tls.key` must be present.
If `ca.crt` is not present and `.trustBundle` is not set
the remote server certificate is not verified.
- `trust_bundle` (String) ConfigMap containing a set of trust bundles (key `trust-bundle.pem`) used to
verify the remote server certificates.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls--from_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls.from_files`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) Path to a certificate authority file.
- `cert_file` (String) The client certificate file location.
- `key_file` (String) The client private key location.
- `skip_verify` (Boolean) If true the client will not verify the server's certificate.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--write_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.write_options`

Optional:

- `buffer_size` (Number) The buffer size threshold that initiates sending the accumulated metrics to the receiver.
- `compression` (String) Compression algorithm. Only gzip supported.
- `flush_interval` (String) Interval at which metrics stored in the local buffer are sent to the receiver.
Metrics are sent regardless of the buffer size threshold.
- `headers` (Attributes List) Custom HTTP headers to be sent along with each remote write request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--write_options--headers))
- `max_metrics_per_export` (Number) Maximum number of metrics per export request.
- `retries` (Attributes) Retries options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--write_options--retries))
- `timeout` (String) Export timeout.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--write_options--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.write_options.headers`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Header name
- `value` (String) Header value


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--write_options--retries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.write_options.retries`

Optional:

- `initial_interval` (String)
- `max_elapsed_time` (String)
- `max_interval` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `error` (String) Last encountered error for this receiver
- `last_checked` (String) Last checked time for connectivity status
- `reachable` (Boolean) Specifies if the receiver is reachable
